In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Mission: 8 - The Counter-Secret
Police Cover Operation)
What's the answer
for this solution, then?
Anya Forger.
3/3!
That was totally incorrect.
How are you doing, Twilight?
With your daughter's
academic skills, that is.
We expect you to achieve eight
Stella Stars in about four months...
Four...?
No sweat, Ma'am.
You've become a lousy liar, haven't you?
I could guarantee eight
Tonitrus Bolts in two months, though...
Oh, well.
By the way,
our informant within the city hall
was busted this morning.
The enemy is tightening their grip.
Be sure to take precautions, Twilight.
You can never tell...
...where they might be
watching from, not only in the city,
but even inside Eden College.
The counterintelligence agency
in this country is quite formidable.
Wh-What do you guys want?
We're from the
State Security Service.
Jim Hayward, I presume?
We're bringing you in
on suspicion of espionage.
E-Espionage?!
What are you talking about?!
H-Hey!
Stop it! Let me go—
We'll hear your defense at the office.
That's what happened this morning!
It totally freaked me out!
I heard that person from
the finance department,
who was taken away, was selling off
documents from the city hall.
So he's a bad person!
Morn'...
Oh, morning.
Good morning, Camilla.
Oh, right, Yor.
I heard it from my boyfriend,
but you never told your
brother about your marriage?
You're right! I forgot!
Huh? For a year straight...?
What should I do now...
He said he'll be making
a call this way later.
My goodness!
I never told him about
my new home number!
I was so relieved after the registration
that I let a lot of things slip away!
Hey, is your brother a hot guy?
Wow! He's so cute!
Yes! Yuri is really cute!
(State Security Service HQ)
He'd always stick to me
while saying, "Sis, Sis!"
(State Security Service HQ)
He's a weirdo, then? I'll pass.
I can't believe you forgot
to tell your brother,
who adores you so much,
about your wedding...
Isn't that just cruel?
Now, let's start again
from the beginning.
What kind of files and how many
copies did you take out of the city hall?
What's the name and description of your
client, and how did you contact them?
When, where and how many
times did you meet them?
Take me home.
The State Security Service.
- An organization that aims to
- You'd love a meaningful chat
- maintain domestic security,
- as I would, right?
- its main tasks include
- Mr. Hayward.
- hunting spies and monitoring citizens.
They routinely assault, wiretap, threaten,
and torture their suspects
for their missions.
Hence, they earn the nickname "Secret
Police" from the citizens, scared of them.
Good afternoon, 1st Lieutenant.
Boss said it's time
for me to take over.
Okay.
Well, then...
I'll leave the rest to you,
2nd Lieutenant Briar.
Roger that!
I'll do my best!
Yuri Briar, 20.
The man was a Secret Police officer.
Why did Boss let that
optimistic dude in our team?
Sure, he's a smart guy,
I'll give him that.
But he's just a kid...
He was an elite in the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs and skipped grades, huh?
Well...
Huh? I mean,
he's cute, right?
He looks like a puppy.
That's what Boss said.
R-Right...
Well, an organization like us
could use a guy like him.
Besides, when he's on
his game, he's on his game.
You'd lose your cool before him...
Hello, Mr. Hayward.
I'm not speaking unle—
My sister works in
the city hall just like you!
Huh?
Do you know her?
She's my beautiful,
kind, proud sister!
I'm going to celebrate
her wedding tonight!
It's been a while since
we last met, so I can't wait!
With that being said, I'd like to
wrap this up quick and head home.
So please cooperate
and tell me everything.
I-I don't know anything!
Here are some pictures of the deal.
Isn't this you, Mr. Hayward?
Hey, wait!
Where did you keep
all these pictures until—
Excuse me.
I forgot to turn them in.
It's better for you to be honest.
So I just handed the documents and
got my money as he told me.
I don't know anything about him,
aside from him being from the West.
Even his name.
Did you see anything strange
in his speech and body language?
Do you think they befitted his age?
I-I don't know.
I see.
Then...
Are you familiar with
the name "Twilight"?
Who's that?
He's a spy from the West.
A master of disguise.
He's an agent of evil that
has plunged this country into chaos.
You could call him our natural enemy.
I-If I help you guys catch him,
you'll let me go, right?
Do you know something?
Wait, let me remember...
You'll only make yourself look worse
if you state nonsense.
So be careful, okay?
I was just trying to get some money
to play with some girls!
I meant no harm at all!
You have a wife, don't you?
You'd feel me as a fellow guy, right?!
I just sold off a piece of documents,
so you can't call this a political crime!
Please let me off the hook, okay?!
You see, Mr. Hayward...
I'm keeping it a secret from my sister
that I'm working for the Security Service.
It a dangerous line of work,
so I can't make her worry about me.
And above all...
I don't want her to find out
that I'm doing some dirty work...!
What you did was treason, Mr. Hayward.
To you, it might only
be a piece of documents,
but that one piece could put many
lives in our country at risk!
You understand?!
Unlike you, Sir...
I love my family, my sister.
I'll do anything in order to protect
this country where she lives.
Anything.
No matter how much you're torturing me...
I'll never sell off my friends!
You're a stubborn one, eh, Bondman!
I wish she could bring this
level of focus to her studies too...
I only have two rounds left!
How many rounds does
Bondman's pistol have?
Hm?
I think his pistol has eight rounds in it.
2/8!
Yeah! That's right!
I only have 2/8 rounds left!
I can't believe you know those words.
It's easier for her to understand
if we compare it to a cartoon, huh?
W-W-We're in trouble, Loid!
Welcome back, Yor.
I only have 2/8 bullets left!
My brother Yuri is coming
here today, apparently!
Today?!
That's what happened...
And he said he really
wanted to come celebrate with us...
What should we do now?
What if our cover gets blown?
Don't worry.
I've prepared a "complete set of
loving couples" for such occasions.
Father and Mother flirting?
No way!
Mother's brother still not coming?
He's your uncle.
Uncle...
It's already late,
so don't force yourself.
Anya wants to meet Uncle too...
Looks like he's still in the office.
I just lost my temper and
dragged the whole interrogation...
Ah, but...
I finally get to see Sis
after a long while!
La-la!
Oof!
My ribs, which my sister
broke in the past, are aching!
My whole body's going numb
recalling the love she wrapped me in!
But how come she never told me
that she's married for a whole year?
Don't tell me her husband is some vicious
person whom she can't introduce to me?!
I'll wipe off all threats...
...from this country
where my sister lives.
Even if that means her husband.
Loid Forger.
If he turns out to be
a bastard threatening my sister,
I'll throw him in jail immediately!
Wait, calm down, me.
I can't let them see my true face.
I have to keep my true identity hidden...
...to protect my work happiness as well.
Yuri Briar.
The only relative for the Forgers.
The closer you are to someone, the more
likely they'll catch you off guard.
I can't afford to lose this family...
...that I've built so well here
and now, so I must be careful.
All people have a side of themselves
they can't reveal to others.
To friends, to lovers...
Or even family...
- Hello there!
- They hide with their fake smiles...
- It's your brother Yuri!
- and bluffs their real intentions...
- Welcome!
That is how the world is
mending a temporary peace.
Foreign Minister Windsor held a meeting
with Western Foreign Minister Brantz...
...on the 6th to normalize diplomatic
relations between the two countries...
- I'll confirm it myself.
- I'll ascertain it myself.
- Whether or not this man
- is a detriment to our family.
- is worthy of being her husband.
No, he's obviously not worthy!
Let me take your coat and luggage.
No, I'm good.
Thank you.
If you don't mind a simple meal,
I'll prepare it right away.
Make yourselves comfortable.
Oh, don't mind me.
Who would want to eat your cooking?!
Now that's a scary look you have.
Are you nervous?
I-I'm not!
This is bad.
My animosity was showing on my face.
- Just make yourself at home.
- Maybe it's because
I just finished an interrogation...
- I must play the role of
- a serious civil servant in front of her!
- a charming wife in front of Yuri!
I can't just go and tell him
that I married Loid...
...because I want to keep
working as an assassin!
Thank you for the flowers, Yuri.
Yeah...
But, Sis...
I still haven't approved of your marriage.
Why did you keep it a secret for a year?
I won't be convinced unless you tell me!
Of course he'd pursue her.
Now...
About your brother, though,
why don't we just tell him everything?
That single women are
viewed with suspicion by the public...
...and it's a serious
problem in this day and age.
I'm sure he'll understand, right?
No, he won't!
My brother can be
a bit neurotic sometimes...
I mean...
If he finds out that I married
someone I don't even love,
I'm sure he'll be distraught.
And I'll be bothering you as well.
Also, I just don't want him to
worry so much about me.
Hmm...
D-Don't worry!
I've thought of the ultimate reason!
I know Yuri better than anyone else,
so please leave it to me!
I'm counting on you, Yor.
So what happened, Sis?
Why didn't you tell me?
I-It's because...
I-I forgot!
Huh?
Uh... Wha...?
I forgot!
Wait, we talked with each other
on the phone the other day...
You said you had a partner,
so why didn't you...
Th-That's because...
I forgot that I forgot to tell you...
...about our marriage!
I guess it is what it is
if you say so.
Sorry, Sis!
He bought that?!
The man lacked reasoning
when it came to his sister.
Sheesh!
How careless can you be, Sis?
Is this a common thing
among the Briars...?
Here's your meal.
Tch... Don't just butt in
on our happy time, damn it.
Wait...
If I keep on acting like a jerk,
my sister might hate me.
Even if it's just a formality...
Loid's cooking is so delicious, right?
Hmph! Don't think you can buy me
with mere food, you bozo!
Oh, right.
I brought a bottle of wine.
Please take it.
That's very kind of you.
I'll make you drunk
and dig out your dirty secrets!
You can't drink this, Yor.
I know.
Too bad...
So where did you first meet each other?
At the boutique on Third Avenue.
He was looking at me deliberately...
So I was like, "Whoa..."
Ah, well...
I was attracted by her looks, so...
Why'd you put it like that?
He'd see through us with this topic.
Need to change the subject.
But we hit it off over the
course of so many dinners.
When, and where were those?
How many times?
What's the restaurant?
How many dinners did you have
before you decided to hook up with her?
What made you decide to marry her?
Um...
Why am I being interrogated like this?
How do you two call each other?
Huh?
Well... I call her Yor...
Yor!
Even I wouldn't dare
to call her by her name!
D-Don't tell me you call
him "Loi-Loi" or "Lottie"...?
Huh? What?
Uooooghh! Lottie!!
Uooooghh! Damn it!!
Uooooghh!
I-I just normally call him Loid!
The man lacked reasoning
when (REDACTED).
Are you okay?
Here, have some water.
What did she like from this guy?!
He's just good at cooking...
Handsome, and also tall...
And he's also a considerate doctor...
He's just...
Damn it!
Calm down, Yuri!
The Briars really have a
drinking problem, huh?
By the way, you're a
diplomat, aren't you, Yuri?
Change the subject...
I think it's a fine profession,
and your sister is always
boasting snidely about it.
Huh?
I heard it from Mr. Dominic,
but you went to Hugaria the other day?
Huh? Yeah...
It's just for work.
But you're right.
It was a beautiful town.
I wish I could show it to you.
There were a lot of cafes too.
And also an old restaurant said to be
frequented by the Queen of Hugaria...
At the capital city Obuda?
There's also a lot of
nice restaurants there.
I used to go there during my study.
Huh...
I used to frequent Kalpatia too.
The old man who owns the
restaurant makes the best stew...
I've eaten that too!
Oh...
So this wine is from Hugaria, huh?
What a nice gift.
This wine...
Oh, that wine...
...must be bought at a store
on Hedger Street.
I happened to find that at
a specialist store on Hedger Street...
Must be expensive, right?
It's 200 dalc.
No, it's only around 200 dalc.
I knew it.
It's really high quality.
Thank you.
This Q&amp;A dialogue...
It's one of the forged stories written
in Ostania's intelligence agency manual.
A template for when an agent
is visiting another country.
In other words, what he's
saying is an obvious lie.
Not to mention, the owner has
already handed the restaurant to his son.
This wine has also seen an increase
in price to 300 dalc due to poor harvest.
Even if he could fool
an amateur with that,
he could never fool the Twilight.
Yuri Briar.
I already took precautions when I heard
that he's from the Foreign Ministry.
Because that ministry is
like an entrance to espionage.
According to what
Franky found about him,
it was only until a year ago that
he was actually working at the ministry.
He must've been recruited into the
intelligence agency before or after that.
Judging from the fragments
of information so far,
he must be working for Ostania's
counterintelligence agency,
which is WISE's natural enemy,
the Secret Police.
But... while it might be dangerous,
as long as he's not suspicious
of my true identity,
it won't hurt maintaining
a relationship with him.
If I can pull this off,
I might actually turn him into my
source of information on the enemy.
I'll send you something
in return next time.
Good thing you've got yourself
a nice brother-in-law, Yuri!
Looks like he's hiding his
true identity from Yor too.
It might actually not
be difficult to rein him.
Yuri...?
I told you, I still haven't
approved of your marriage!
Who would want to
consider him a brother-in-law?!
That's rude of you, Yuri!
It's exactly as you said.
I could become
a fully-fledged working man...
...and buy expensive wines now.
But it's all thanks to my sister!
We lost our parents, and we were poor,
so I could never get my hands
on studying utensils.
But...
Sis is sure late...
I wonder if she's still
not done with work.
I'm home, Yuri!
Sis?!
You're covered in blood!
What happened?!
What kind of work were you doing?!
Hm? Oh, I'm fine.
It's just my target's splattered blood.
Anyway, take a look at this!
Ta-da!
The complete visual
dictionary you'd always wanted!
I got a lot of money from
my work, so I bought this!
Ah, Sis...
Ta-da!
- Here are the snacks you'd always wanted!
- She always work her fingers to the bone
- Come on, you don't have to work anymore!
- just for my sake...
So I'd decided.
That I should be a fully-fledged
member of society and protect her, fast.
To protect the only family
I have forever...
Do you understand?
How I feel when some stranger
took away my precious family like that?
Yuri...
Well, yeah, I did hope...
...that she'd marry someone
and be happy with him.
But that guy has to be able to
protect her more than I can!
Can you take on that role, Lottie?!
Lo...?
I just... want to reassure
my brother, that's all.
I'll have you know...
...that my love for
Yor is as big as yours.
My daughter also loves Yor so much.
Wait, wait!
This is just an act to fool my brother!
She's already part of my family.
Even if it's raining spears,
or raining meteors,
I'll risk my life to protect her.
The man was a brazen liar.
Meteors?!
I could easily block off
a rain of spears...
But meteors...?!
Is he actually really amazing?!
But how?!
Say all you want, you liar!
Right! You have a liar's face on you!
Oh, Sheesh...
He's always been
careless since he was a kid...
- I have a liar's face?
- Oh, it's okay, Yor.
- He saw right through me?
- Let me clean it up.
- No, that's not possible.
Huh?
You've already been married for a year,
but you flinched at
touching each other's hands...?
Huh? Are you guys really a couple?
What are you talking about?
We're as lovey-dovey as always.
H-He's right!
Strange...
If you two are really married,
then prove it to me.
We do have
our proof of marriage, though...
Not that!
You two should kiss
right here, and right now.
Huh?!
It's an easy thing for
a loving couple to do, right?
But... We can't do it in
front of someone else...
Just do it once.
Then I'll be convinced.
If you can't, I'll file a complaint
to revoke your marriage certification!
This is getting out of hand.
What do I do now?
Wait, think this through, me.
I'm Twilight, the best spy in Westalis.
I've had romantic affairs with
numerous women for my mission.
A kiss or two won't be a problem
if it means my mission can proceed!
If you're okay with it, then...
Huh?!
Wait, Loid!
We'll just do it as usual.
Come on now.
I know it's to convince him...
But...
Huh?!
Huuuuuhh?!
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 9
Show Off How in Love You Are)